---
slug: update-april-2022
title: Update April 2022
authors: [calum]
tags: [monthly-report]
---

We're going to start releasing a monthly update, and this is our first edition - April 2022. This will provide an update on the progress we have made in the previous month and provide a roadmap for the month ahead. We really value your feedback, so if you'd like to see something on Zeplo - please message me directly at calum@zeplo.io.


### Changelog for March

  * **Refactor UI** - we refactored our entire UI, it now runs on Chakra UI which has a very solid design schema. This will allow us to move more quickly in developing the console experience - which is the main focus for April.

  * **Fix icon upload** - fix the icon upload to allow you to customize your workspace with your company logo.

  * **Fix duplocate schedules** - fix an edge case that could cause a duplicate schedule to be created 


### Roadmap for April

*Continued focus on the developer console experience*

  * **Faster log queries** - we're updating the user console to improve the response time for users with >1 million requests per month.

  * **Client libraries** - we've going to be releasing client libraries for Node/Typescript, Python, PHP and Ruby. This will provide a better experience when implamenting Zeplo into your code base.

  * **Improved error triage** - we're going to make it easier to triage errors that occur in Zeplo. You'll be able to mark errors as resolved after they've been retried.

  *  **CLI Improvements** - the CLI library has now been completely refactored to use a more reliable base with a particular focus on the dev server.


### Have your say

If you've like to influence our roadmap, please reach out at calum@zeplo.io or tweet us [@zeploio](https://twitter.com/zeploio).